{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red183\green111\blue179;\red23\green23\blue23;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red70\green137\blue204;\red67\green192\blue160;\red89\green138\blue67;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c77255\c52549\c75294;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c33725\c61176\c83922;\cssrgb\c30588\c78824\c69020;\cssrgb\c41569\c60000\c33333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 export\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 class\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 HubbleImage\cf4 \strokec4  \{\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \}\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /*\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 http://hubblesite.org/api/v3/images\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /api/v3/images\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /api/v3/images/:collection_name\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 Parameter           Type            Default     Description\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 :collection_name    String          science     If a collection is specified, it shows the images for that collection.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 Collections are sets of images, for example, for Hubble we have collections with the names 'news', 'spacecraft', 'printshop', etc.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 Different missions (hubble, james_webb) may have images in different collections.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 A possible collection_name is also 'all', which will return all the images for all the collections and missions.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 If 'all 'is used for the collection_name, then the mission and collection will be returned for each item.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 if collection_name is not 'all', the images' mission will correspond to the site used - hubble's images for hubblesite.org (and media.stsci.edu), and james_webb images for webbtelescope.org.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 If not collection is given, the default collection will be used, and if no default exists, all will be used.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 page                Integer or String   1       The possible values are any integer 1 or larger, or 'all' to return all items.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 Any other values will default to '1'.Unless the value passed is 'all', it returns 25 items.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 Examples:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /api/v3/images\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /api/v3/images/all\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /api/v3/images/all?page=2\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /api/v3/images/news\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /api/v3/images/spacecraft?page=all\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 /api/v3/images/unknown\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 Returns:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 key         Description\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 id          Internal key to identify the image. It can be used to gather more information using the details API call (below).\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 name        Name given to the Image\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 news_name   Legacy name given to this image in a news release. Usually is 'a', 'b', 'c', ...\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 collection  Collection name the image belongs to.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 mission     Space Telescope or telescope website, the image belongs to. It is usually 'hubble', 'james_webb', etc.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 Example:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 [\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 "id": 4671,\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 "name": "Artist's Illustration of the Early Universe",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 "news_name": "a",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 "collection": "news"\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 \},\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 "id": 4672,\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 "name": "Intracluster Light in MACS J0416",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 "news_name": "b",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 "collection": "news"\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 \}\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 ]\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 */\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
}